Name: Krish Patel
Journal: J1002
Date: 19-Aug-2021

I received assistance from: Mrs.Jang

I assisted: No One

1.1:
The World Wide Web and network printing occasionally is what I use. 

2.1:
It can be important because both Jack and john can make different files within the directory. It can also help organize everything.

3.1:
The home directory is very important because it is the main directory which is why there is a symbol.

4.1:
The promt changed and it it is helpful because it can show that you are in a directory.

5.1:
When you press the up arrow, you go to a past command you typed.

5.2:
When you press the down arrow, it goes to a more recent command.

6.1:
It was not because it is now a file. The text is probably within the file.

7.1
The tree command can show directories and files and show which files go in which directory. ls can show what is in a directory.

7.2
When you want to know everything, you would use tree. When you only want to know a single file in a directory, you would use ls.

8.1
Sleep can make commands delayed when needed. The argument to sleep can allow something to happen before the new command.

8.2
The reason this is, is because there are instances where it is needed. When shutting a computer down the stuff in hte back has to turn off first. It is similar to a computer shutting down.

9.1
It is not different than what I expected.

9.2
You are able to run other commands while it is running in the back.

9.3
The numbers might represent that specific sleep command if there is more than one.

10.1
I observe that it shows the sleep command.

10.2
It shows if it is still running or if it is finished.

What did I learn? What is the "big idea"?
I learned basic commands to use within this program. The big idea is to learn the beginning to this software.

What challenges did I encounter?
I did not encounter any major challenges because I was able to follow the wiki well.

How could this experience be improved?
It was good how it was. I do not think it could be improved.

Free Reflection: How has what I've learned impacted my thinking?
I am able to understand the commands very easily now. When given directions, I can follow with ease.
